all right let's get guys I'm name-brand
clothing and today we have an accessory
haul 20 seconds you know what's going on
I got to thank you guys thank you so
much for your support my views have been
going up like crazy so I honestly
appreciate that a lot
and yeah just thank you so much for all
the good comments you guys leave down
below all the time thumbs up this video
if you can and you guys know my rep code
I don't need to keep saying it but if
you don't know it it's name brand and AM
EPR a.m. they don't get you discounts on
Karmaloop and plunder alright let's get
into this alright so today's haul we've
got two pairs of hats two pairs of hats
I don't know if that's very weird anyway
we've got two hats two pairs of
sunglasses and yet you know what buff
bucket we're gonna throw in some rings
as well so we're gonna start off the
accessories with the glasses and the
first pair I definitely don't like
anymore I got them when I was a little
bit overweight in the winter or a lot
overweight in the winter anyway I was
just fattening up I just wanted to be
warm but that's beside the point
oh fuck so I bought these glasses at the
bay they were twenty dollars actually
was just pretty good they've got kind of
a purple tint in them which I didn't
know but like I said they do not fit me
anymore because my face was a little bit
thicker to say it nicely but uh yes I'll
put them on for you anyway
fuck that spirit sunglasses I actually
like oh we got some Ray Bans which is a
little unusual for me because I don't
usually pay a lot of money for
accessories cuz it doesn't matter what
it is I will just break it like I had a
really expensive bring it well it wasn't
released but it was like a hundred
dollar ring at one point and I just lost
it and everything anyway I break shit
that's what I'm trying to get at so I
don't usually spend a lot of money on
accessories but I got Ray Bans
for some reason because it was
summertime but yeah I really like them
actually I've got kind of like a
different type of tint to them got Ray
Ban on the side here if you guys can see
that yeah
made in Italy the barcode or whatever
code that is and then Ray Ban right here
and I'll throw them on all right so
here's how the glasses look on I feel
like they fit a little bit better
there's still a little bit big here but
I don't really care that's nothing that
I can help because my face is probably a
weird shape or something but anyway yeah
my dad says they look better than the
other ones he said I look like Justin
Bieber and the other ones which fucking
crushed me
anytime your dad says you look like
Justin Bieber you're gonna fucking
change something but anyway yes so I
don't wear those anymore but I do like
my ray-bans
next pickups and
the hats the first one we have is this
regular bands off-the-wall gray and
black trucker hat so I actually got this
hat at lids for like $30 which is a
pretty good price
I'm pretty sure they also have it on
Karmaloop too and it's probably cheaper
to go check that out but yeah it's a
really simple hat which is why I got it
but but really bad thing is as you guys
have probably noticed I'm not wearing
hats anymore in my videos because I cut
my hair and I'm the type of person that
needs to wear their hats over their ears
just cuz that's how it fits my head cuz
I have a weird shaped head so yeah fuck
I can't wear my hats anymore but I do
feel like this video is lacking a little
bit of comedy so far so I'm gonna put it
on anyway fuck next alright next hat up
this is a hundred percent my favorite
hat I've ever purchased in my life is
this ten deep I don't know what it's
called I'm gonna call it the plant hat
so I bought this 10 D plant hat on
Karmaloop for $44 I think which is
honestly not a bad price because 10 deep
makes their hats top-quality I love this
thing but I did get it a day after
getting my haircut so I never got a
chance to wear it but yeah all around
the sickest hi I have ever seen if you
guys didn't know it's got like the pot
leaves here it's just all around a drug
Hat it's got the the mushrooms here I'm
pretty sure this is like a poppy or
whatever but yeah I didn't know that
when I gone and actually you guys know
I'm not really down to wearing pot
leaves on my shirt and stuff like that
I'm not saying I'm against pot or
anything but it's just not my style to
wear it I could honestly go into so much
detail with this thing it's got the UH I
don't know plant under brim the same as
the top it's got the UH the fuck what
color is that it's got the brown strap
with the gold buckle and on the front
here it's got I don't know what this is
called always fresh Apparel he knows
what this is called he said in his video
I just forgot because obviously I don't
prepare as much as he does but uh yeah
it's I'm gonna call it the golden plaque
we've got the golden 10d plaque right
here it just says the I don't know what
it says I can't really read that but it
says ten deep on it and yeah it's really
sick I haven't worn this before and I
probably won't be putting it on my head
that much just because I know there's a
lot of people out there looking for this
hat because it's sold out really fast
and as much as I really want to keep it
for my collection I may
sell it just because I know somebody can
actually get good use out of it instead
of it just sitting up there so uh I
don't know I may be selling this I don't
know so
I'll let you guys know if I'm selling
yeah I still got a thing about it so now
for the last portion of this video we've
got two rings and I'm going to start it
off with this cute finger black scale
ring so as you guys probably know this
ring was sold on Karmaloop months ago I
don't know how long ago I really wanted
it but I didn't cop it only because it
was too much it was like $50 and at that
time I didn't have the money actually I
still don't have the money but yeah one
of my subscribers hit me up saying that
he had the ring and he actually lives in
Winnipeg where I live so we met up and
he sold this to me for $20 along with
the next ring I'm going to show you yeah
so shout out to the real naked bear I'll
link him down below he does pick up
videos as well so thank you for that man
but uh yeah it's just a really sick ring
it says scale right here and I'll put it
on for you so this is how the ring looks
on I usually wear it like this I've seen
people wear it on these key fingers it's
just basically however it fits you
because I know while Karmaloop didn't
have the sizing of it for a while so um
if I had to guess cuz I've had a lot of
people asking me what size it probably
is I probably say it's maybe a 10 to a
10 and a half just because I've owned a
water rings and this one is a little bit
bigger so yeah that's just my guess it
just says scale here and that's fake
gold as you guys probably noticed last
up for the Rings a shout out to the real
naked bear again cuz he sold this one to
me for $20 as well is this a black scale
I don't know gold pyramid ring but as
you guys can tell this is a huge looking
Iranian oh let me know what you guys
think about it though I know it's not
for everyone I haven't worn it yeah I
don't know if I will I think it needs to
grow on me but don't get me wrong it
does have its uses if you guys need to
punch someone in the teeth real quick
this will do the job okay yeah it's got
the fake diamonds here all around a
really well-made ring and I was gonna
show you the black scale on the inside
but it is stuck on my finger again oh no
mom can you bring me down some soap or
Lube the ready stuck on my finger again
so thank you so much for clicking out
another neighbor on clothing video guys
please thumbs up this video if you liked
it and remember to comment down below
you guys know that's my favorite part of
YouTube and yeah I'll see you guys in
the next video